Hello and welcome to our tutorial.
So in the previous Statoil we learned a very efficient way to evaluate our mall performance.
So that was about evaluating our model performance.
And in today's Statoil we are going to learn a technique that is going to be about improving models
performance.
So we already built very powerful models but we can still improve them and how can we do that well by
finding the optimal values of the hyper parameters because indeed any machine early model is composed
of two types of parameters.
The first type of parameters are the parameters that are learned through the machine learning algorithm.
And the second type of parameters are the parameters that we choose.
Like for example the kernel in the model or the penalty parameter or even some regularization parameter
enrich regression or less so.
And basically in any machine any model we have a lot of parameters that are not learned.
And so far what we've done in this course was just to choose one single value for these parameters.
We never actually experienced with these hyper parameters we never tried several values of them.
And so that gives us still a lot of room for improvement because maybe there were better choices for
the values of these hyper parameters.
You know a better choice than the value we chose.
So this technique called grid search will answer to one of your questions that were asked many times
in this course which is how do I know which parameter to select when I make a machine learning model
what is the optimal value of these hyper parameters and a grid search will give an answer to that because
it will find the optimal values for these parameters.
So let's see how it will do that.
And let's implement grid search.
So we're going to work on the same problem as in the previous two toile.
That is you know this classification problem where we need to classify the users in the social network
and predict if they're going to click yes or no on the ad to buy the SUV and therefore we're working
with this data set social network ads.
And besides that's a good example because the kernel as VM model has many parameters you know it has
this penalty parameter.
This gamma parameter and some of you asked me which values we should choose for these parameters.
And so a grid search will tell us exactly that.
So let's do it.
We are working in the same folder as in the previous tutorial that is the model selection for make sure
that you have this social network as you file.
And if that's the case you're ready to go.
So we are going to like grid search anywhere after the data preprocessing phase because we are not actually
going to use this kernel as we are moral and then doing some parameter tuning on it to find the optimal
values.
We were actually going to use a new package that you will see is a very practical package to build the
same kernel as VM model as this one here.
But by applying grid search on it at the same time and this packet you already know it it's the carrot
package.
And really when we talk about machine learning and our the carrot package is one of the most practical
packages because basically with this package you can build any machine learning model and not only you
can build any machine any model but when you build a machine any model with a care package well it will
give you the model you want with all the optimal parameters.
So that's pretty powerful and therefore that's one of the most powerful packages in our.
So as I told you we can build this new Choon model anywhere after the data processing phase so let's
actually make it right after the careful cross-validation section to you know keep the other interesting
code sections here so that for example you can compare the two models you know the one we made here
and the numeral we were about to make with the carrot package.
Feel free to compare their performance results.
So we're going to build this new kernel as a model right here.
So we're playing great search to find the best parameters I prepared this code section here.
But actually it's not only applying grid search it's also building a new model.
So first the first thing that we have to do is to import the carrot package we've already installed
it in some previous tutorials.
But let's make sure you install it.
If you didn't follow those procedures the toils.
So I'm just putting back this command and inside of course carrots in quotes.
All right.
And then I'll put that in comment.
Here we go.
And now let's import the package with the library command.
Here we go library and carrots inside.
Perfect.
So now let's build the same kernel as your model.
But with the carrot package you're going to see that it's going to be something you.
OK so since we're building this new classifier the kernel as a pacifier.
Well let's go our model with the usual name that is classified.
All right so that's the variable then equals and then that's where we use to carry the baggage.
And what is the function we're going to use now.
It's one of the most used function of the carrot package.
It is the train function.
So parenthesis.
And now what's really interesting to do is to take a browser.
Here it is.
And let's type carrots enter and let's take the get hub link let's click on it and inside of it you
need to click on this link right here and then let's click on six available models because in this section
you'll get all the models you can build with the carrot package and there are a lot of models.
There are actually older models we built in this course.
So right now some of you might be thinking then why didn't we build all these model with the carit package
since indeed the carrot package will give us this model with the best optimal parameters.
Well that's because the packages were used to build all the models in the course have great options
some of which you can not use with the carrot package.
So it's good to know how to use both the packages we used before in the course and the carrot package
but definitely for parameter tuning you should use the carrot package.
All right so this list you see here is the list of all the models you can build with the carrot package.
And since right now we're building the kernel as a whole.
Well you will see that it is available I mean in this part of this list and we can find it right here
at the bottom of this list because indeed we can see as we have many support vector machines model and
the one we are interested in is the support vector machines with radial basis function called Remember
the radio bases function girl is the gashing girl.
The most commonly used kernel to build the kernel as a VM model and so this is the model we are going
to build right now with a carrot package and the information that we need to take right now that is
going to be one input of the train function we were about to use is this information here thats the
input of one of the parameters of the train function.
The method parameter and that is with this parameter that the trend function will know which model to
build and which model to choose.
So right now what we have to do is to take this name copy it and we will paste it as input as the method
parameter inside the train function.
So let's go back to our studio.
Here we go.
And now let's build the model so we can actually press F on here to get the informations of arguments.
So let's see what we have to input the first compulsory argument we need to put in this form argument.
And of course that's the formula.
So let's do it.
Let's put this first argument form equals and then we need to put the formula exactly as we used to
do when building the previous models.
So that's the dependent variable which is as a reminder purchased.
You know it's the social network ads business problem.
So here we need two inputs purchased here we go then sell the and then all the independent variables.
And remember we don't have to put the names of all the variables we can use this shortcut here.
That is just dumb.
All right then come on.
And then next argument.
So the next argument is data and that's of course your training set you're building you classify you
on a train set.
And so you need input here.
Data equals training set.
Here we go.
So now is the form the formula and the data the training sets you have all the information you need
to train your model.
But then of course we need to specify which model we have to build that is we need to specify that we
want to make the kernel as being moral and that's what happens with the third argument which is not
one of these arguments here.
These are not compulsory but it's the method arguments actually have the link here the link we just
browsed on Google this link will give you the list of all the models available and character.
And so that's with this method parameter that we need to input what we copied in this link.
That is as V.M. radio.
So let's put that right now comma and then method equals then quotes and inside of these quotes we need
to taste SBM radio.
And that's actually all with these three arguments the formula and the data and the method you will
build or kernel as VMO and then for the parameter that you know you're going to see what happens.
So first we're going to do is execute the data processing phase because we need to import the data set
and applying the data processing phase.
So let's do it right now.
We're not going to execute the sections because this is to build the kernel as VM all the other ways
we just need to take everything from here.
Up to the top here we go let's do it.
All right.
They just said we'll import it.
We have the data set the trends that editors set and the data processing phase was applied all correctly.
All right so now let's build the kernel as a model with the carrot package.
So let's make sure we import the carrot package we go.
And now let's select this line and execute it.
All right.
It's taking a little time.
Well around one second.
That's fine.
And here we get our classifier.
So that's the kernel as we all classify it.
It is not yet today but you're going to see what's going to happen because now what we're going to do
is pressing enter here and we're simply going to type classifier and selecting this and pressing enter.
And there you get a lot of very interesting informations about your kernel as we classify you you just
built with the carrot package because indeed what you see here is the conclusion of some parameter tuning
that was done on this kernel SVM classify.
You just built.
And what is this conclusion is that accuracy was used to select the optimal model using the largest
value.
So that means that accuracy was the performance metric to evaluate your model performance.
And just below you see that the final values used for the model were Sigma equals one point twelve one
point thirteen and C equals 0.5.
And that's the results of your parameter Chihuly that's the optimal values of the hyper parameters of
the call.
As we model the ones that will make your kernel as a model even more performance than the one you built
with the previous method.
Because of course maybe the default value for the C parameter was 0.5.
This looks like the default value but definitely the default value for the stigma around group which
is another hyper parameter of kernel as VM was definitely not 1.30.
And with this one point thirteen value for the Sigma parameter you get the optimal accuracy and accuracy
that is higher than the accuracy obtained with the kernel as we model built previously and you can even
see what this accuracy is.
It is shown right here.
Accuracy is 92 percent.
And besides this is irrelevant accuracy does not the accuracy measured on one 20 split.
This was measured on several Trente splits which you can actually see here with this information re-assembling
bootstrap with 25 repetitions which is exactly the same principle as careful Croswell EDITION.
That means that you take different samples of train sets and test sets and you build your model in the
trainset and test its performance on the test sets for each of these samples and eventually you take
the mean of the accuracy's and you get a 92 percent accuracy.
So thats definitely a good accuracy and besides thats the best you can obtain with these optimal values
of the hyper parameters Sigma equals one point thirteen and C equals 0.5.
And now I'll give you an even faster way to get these optimal values of the hyper parameters.
You just need to.
Well let's keep this classifier here but let's copy that.
You just need to take your classifier and then add a dollar sign and then you can add here best choon.
Here you go you've selected you executed and you get directly the optimal values of the hyper parameters.
Sigma equals one point thirteen and C equals 0.5.
And now congratulations you got your best kernel as your model with the best Rinku efficient and the
best hyper parameters.
And now the choice is yours.
You can either take this kernel as VM transfer you built here with the carrier package or you can take
the class or you build with the usual way.
But inside of this SVM function you can input the optimal values you found here for the hyper parameterless
that is.
Sigma equals one point thirteen and C equals 0.5.
I will let you that for practice and judge yourself which method you want to choose and I'll see you
in the next and last section of discourse in which we're going to implement one of the most powerful
models in machine learning X to boost.
So this is going to be a very exciting section.
I can't wait to see you there.
And until then in Germany learning.